README.md, before:

# Oxide Agent TG Bot

[(Russian README)](README-ru.md)

Universal Telegram bot with AI assistant, supporting multiple models, multimodality, and advanced **Agent Mode** with code execution.

## Description

<details>
<summary>ℹ️ About: Tech Stack (Rust, Teloxide), Integrations, and Architecture</summary>

This project is a Telegram bot that integrates with various Large Language Model (LLM) APIs to provide users with a multifunctional AI assistant. The bot can process text, voice, video messages, and images, work with documents, manage dialogue history, and perform complex tasks in an isolated sandbox.

The bot is developed using **Rust 1.92**, the `teloxide` library, AWS SDK for Cloudflare R2 interaction, and native integration with AI providers (Groq, Mistral AI, Google Gemini, OpenRouter, Zai).
</details>

## Features

*   **🤖 Agent Mode:**
    *   **Integrated Sandbox:** Safe execution of Python code and Bash commands in isolated Docker containers (`debian:trixie-slim`).
    *   **Tools:** Read/write files, execute commands, web search, work with video and file hosting.
    *   **📋 Task Management (Todos):** `write_todos` system for planning and tracking progress of complex requests.
    *   **🎯 Skills System:** RAG system with embeddings to automatically provide relevant context from markdown documents (9 skills: core, delegation_manager, ffmpeg-conversion, file-hosting, file-management, html-report, task-planning, video-processing, web-search).
    *   **📁 File Handling:** Accept files from user (up to 20MB), send to Telegram (up to 50MB), or upload to cloud (up to 4GB) with link generation.
    *   **🎬 Video Processing:** `yt-dlp` integration for downloading video and media files from the internet.
    *   **☁️ File Hosting:** Upload files from sandbox to public hosting with short retention time.
    *   **Web Search and Data Extraction:** Tavily API integration for retrieving up-to-date information from the web.
    *   **🔗 Hooks System:** Extensible architecture for intercepting and customizing agent behavior (Completion Hook, Registry).
    *   **🔄 Loop Detection:** Three levels of protection (Content Detector, Tool Detector, LLM Detector) to prevent infinite loops.
    *   **Autonomy:** Agent plans steps and selects tools itself.
    *   **Separate Authorization:** Access control to agent via `AGENT_ACCESS_IDS`.
    *   **Long-term Memory and Context:** Up to 200K tokens with automatic compression when limit is reached.
    *   **🗣️ Narrator:** Separate model for summarizing agent thoughts and actions in chat.
    *   **Execution Progress:** Interactive display of current working step in Telegram.
*   **Multi-LLM Support:** Groq, Mistral AI, Google Gemini, OpenRouter, and Zai.
*   **Native Tool Calling:** Efficient use of tools in modern models.
*   **Multimedia Processing:**
    *   Voice and video messages (speech recognition via Gemini).
    *   Images (analysis and description via multimodal models).
    *   Work with documents of various formats.
*   **Context Management:** Dialogue history saved in Cloudflare R2 (S3).
*   **🔒 Security and Quality:** `unsafe_code = "forbid"`, strict Clippy lints, no panics (`zero-panic profile`).

## System Requirements

<details>
<summary>🔑 API Keys and Infrastructure</summary>

### 🔑 API Keys (Mandatory)
| Provider | Variable | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **Telegram** | `TELEGRAM_TOKEN` | Bot token from [@BotFather](https://t.me/BotFather) |
| **Cloudflare R2** | `R2_*` | S3 storage (Access Key, Secret, Endpoint, Bucket) |
| **Mistral AI** | `MISTRAL_API_KEY` | **Critical for Agent** (`mistral-embed` model for skill selection) |

### 🤖 LLM Providers (Default)
*   **OpenRouter** (`OPENROUTER_API_KEY`) — used for chat (`gemini-3-flash`).
    > [!IMPORTANT]
    > **Gemini 3 Flash** model (via OpenRouter) is **required** for voice message recognition and image analysis. Without it, these functions will not work.
*   **ZAI** (`ZAI_API_KEY`) — used for agent (`glm-4.7`, **Default Agent Model**). **ZAI** is [Zhipu AI](https://z.ai/).

### 🛠 Infrastructure
*   **Docker** — run code sandbox (`agent-sandbox:latest`)
*   **Tavily API** — optional for web search (`TAVILY_API_KEY`)
</details>

## Installation and Launch

<details>
<summary>🚀 Installation Instructions (Docker & Source)</summary>

1.  **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/0FL01/oxide-agent.git
    cd oxide-agent
    ```

2.  **Configure environment variables:**
    Create `.env` based on `.env.example`.

3.  **Build sandbox image:**
    ```bash
    docker build -t agent-sandbox:latest -f sandbox/Dockerfile.sandbox ..
    ```

4.  **Build and run the bot:**
    ```bash
    docker-compose up --build -d
    ```
</details>

## Configuration (.env)

<details>
<summary>⚙️ Example Configuration File</summary>

```dotenv
# Telegram
TELEGRAM_TOKEN=YOUR_TOKEN
ALLOWED_USERS=ID1,ID2 # List of allowed Telegram IDs (basic access)
AGENT_ACCESS_IDS=ID1 # Access to Agent Mode (consumes many tokens)

# Cloudflare R2 (S3)
R2_ACCESS_KEY_ID=...
R2_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=...
R2_ENDPOINT_URL=...
R2_BUCKET_NAME=...

# API Keys
GROQ_API_KEY=...
MISTRAL_API_KEY=...
GEMINI_API_KEY=...
OPENROUTER_API_KEY=...
ZAI_API_KEY=... # ZAI Provider (Zhipu AI)
TAVILY_API_KEY=... # Tavily key for web search in Agent mode (optional)
```
</details>

## Agent Architecture

<details>
<summary>🏗 Internal Structure, Skills, Hooks</summary>

### 🎯 Skills System
The agent uses a RAG approach with embeddings to automatically provide relevant context:
- **9 skills** as markdown documents (`skills/`)
- **Semantic matching** of user requests with skills via cosine similarity
- **Embeddings caching** for fast access (Moka cache)
- **Automatic injection** of relevant instructions into the system prompt

### 🔄 Loop Protection
Three-level loop detection system (`agent/loop_detection/`):
1. **Content Detector** — analyzes repeating agent messages
2. **Tool Detector** — tracks identical tool calls
3. **LLM Detector** — uses LLM to analyze loop patterns

### 🔗 Hooks System
Extensible architecture for personalizing agent behavior:
- **Completion Hook** — task completion handling
- **Registry** — centralized hook management
- Ability to add custom hooks

### 🛠️ Tool Providers
The agent uses a modular provider system, each offering a specialized set of tools:
- **Sandbox Provider** (`sandbox.rs`, ~20KB) — code execution, file read/write, shell commands
- **Tavily Provider** (`tavily.rs`) — web search and data extraction
- **Todos Provider** (`todos.rs`) — task list management for long-term planning
- **YT-DLP Provider** (`ytdlp.rs`, ~33KB) — video and audio download from various platforms
- **File Hoster Provider** (`filehoster.rs`) — public file upload to temporary hosting (up to 4GB)
- **Path Provider** (`path.rs`) — path and file structure operations
- **Delegation Provider** (`delegation.rs`) — sub-agent delegation for complex task decomposition
</details>

## Usage

1.  Send `/start` to the bot.
2.  **Regular Mode:** Just write messages or send files/voice notes.
3.  **🤖 Agent Mode:** Click the "🤖 Agent Mode" button. Now the bot can execute code and use advanced tools.

<details>
<summary>💡 Agent Command Examples and Control</summary>

**Agent Command Examples:**
- *"Write a python script that downloads the google homepage and finds the word 'Search' there"*
- *"Download video from YouTube via link [URL] and convert it to MP4 via FFmpeg"*
- *"Create a CSV file with weather data and upload it to file.io"*
- *"Find information about latest AI news via web search"*

**Control:** Use "Clear Context", "Change Model" or "Extra Functions" buttons.
</details>

## Project Structure

<details>
<summary>📂 File Tree (expand)</summary>

```text
src/
├── main.rs                    # entry point
├── lib.rs                     # library root
├── agent/                     # agent core and execution logic
│   ├── mod.rs
│   ├── executor.rs            # main agent executor
│   ├── context.rs             # agent execution context
│   ├── recovery.rs            # malformed response recovery
│   ├── structured_output.rs    # parsed and validated structured response
│   ├── tool_bridge.rs         # tool execution bridge
│   ├── session_registry.rs    # agent session registry
│   ├── runner/                # execution runner modules
│   ├── loop_detection/        # loop detection (content, tool, llm)
│   ├── skills/                # skills subsystem (RAG/embeddings)
│   ├── hooks/                 # execution hooks (Completion, Complexity, Safety)
│   ├── prompt/                # system prompt assembly (Composer)
│   ├── providers/             # tool providers (Sandbox, Tavily, Delegation, etc.)
│   ├── session.rs             # session state
│   ├── memory.rs              # memory and context handling
│   ├── preprocessor.rs        # input media preprocessing
│   ├── progress.rs            # progress display management
│   ├── thoughts.rs            # analytical thoughts generation
│   └── registry.rs            # global tool registry
├── bot/                       # Telegram bot logic
│   ├── handlers.rs            # main handlers
│   ├── agent_handlers.rs      # agent mode handlers
│   ├── views/                 # message templates and UI (agent.rs)
│   ├── agent/                 # bot-specific logic (media.rs)
│   └── mod.rs
├── llm/                       # LLM provider integrations (OpenAI, Zai, etc.)
├── sandbox/                   # Docker sandbox management
├── storage.rs                 # Cloudflare R2/S3 operations
├── config.rs                  # configuration and constants
└── utils.rs                   # helper utilities

skills/                        # skill definitions (markdown)
├── core.md                    # base concepts
├── delegation_manager.md      # delegation and sub-agents
├── ffmpeg-conversion.md       # FFmpeg conversion
├── file-hosting.md            # file hosting operations
├── file-management.md         # file management
├── html-report.md             # HTML report generation
├── task-planning.md           # task planning
├── video-processing.md        # video processing
└── web-search.md              # web search

backlog/                       # documentation, plans and blueprints
├── blueprints/                # implementation plans
├── docs/                      # detailed component specifications
├── bugs/                      # tracked issues
└── done/                      # completed architectural changes

tests/                         # integration and functional tests

sandbox/                       # Docker configuration for sandbox
└── Dockerfile.sandbox

Dockerfile                     # Main application Dockerfile
docker-compose.yml
```
</details>

## Available Models

| Name | Provider | Features |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **OR Gemini 3 Flash** | OpenRouter | Multimodal, default chat model |
| **ZAI GLM-4.7** | ZAI (Zhipu AI) | Default Agent Model, GLM Coding Plan |
| **Mistral Large** | Mistral | Free and generous |
| **Gemini 2.5 Flash Lite** | Google | Cheap and efficient |
| **Devstral 2512** | Mistral | Top free choice for coding and Agent work |

## Key Dependencies

<details>
<summary>📦 Main Rust Libraries</summary>

**Main libraries:**

- **teloxide** (0.17.0) — Telegram Bot API with macros and handlers
- **tokio** (1.48) — asynchronous runtime
- **async-openai** (0.32.2) — work with OpenAI-compatible APIs
- **aws-sdk-s3** (1.119.0) — Cloudflare R2 integration
- **bollard** (0.19.4) — Docker API for sandbox management
- **reqwest** (0.12) — HTTP client with multipart and streaming support
- **serde_json** (1.0) — JSON serialization/deserialization
- **tiktoken-rs** (0.9.1) — token counting for various models
- **lazy-regex** (3.5.1) — optimized regular expressions
- **moka** (0.12) — high-performance cache with TTL
- **tavily** (2.0) — optional feature for web search
- **chrono** (0.4.42) — date and time handling
- **thiserror** (2.0.17) — custom error creation
- **anyhow** (1.0.100) — simplified error handling in application
</details>

## Development

<details>
<summary>💻 Developer Commands and CI/CD</summary>

For local development (requires Rust installed):
```bash
# Check
cargo check

# Testing (132 tests)
cargo test --release

# Linting (Clippy with warn/deny)
cargo clippy --tests -- -D warnings

# Formatting
cargo fmt

# Build with feature flags
cargo build --release --features tavily
```

### CI/CD

The project uses GitHub Actions for automatic testing and deployment:
- **Testing:** Runs `cargo check`, `cargo clippy`, `cargo test`, `cargo fmt`
- **Deployment:** Automatic deploy to server via SSH on push to `main`

### Security and Lints

- **`unsafe_code = "forbid"`** in workspace lints — unsafe code is forbidden
- **Clippy lints (forbid level):**
  - `unwrap_used = "forbid"` — all Result/Option must be handled via `?` or `match`
  - `too_many_lines = "forbid"` — files >300 lines must be split
  - `too_many_arguments = "forbid"` — functions >3 arguments require Context/Config struct
- **Feature flags:** Tavily available via `--features tavily`
- **Error Handling:** Using `thiserror` for library errors, `anyhow` for application
</details>

## License

The project is distributed under the **GNU Affero General Public License v3 (AGPL-3.0)**. Details in the [LICENSE](https://github.com/0FL01/oxide-agent/blob/main/LICENSE) file.

Copyright (C) 2026 @0FL01

Commit message:

docs: actualize READMEs with recent hook system and sub-agent changes

README.md, after:

# Oxide Agent TG Bot

[(Russian README)](README-ru.md)

Universal Telegram bot with AI assistant, supporting multiple models, multimodality, and advanced **Agent Mode** with code execution.

## Description

<details>
<summary>ℹ️ About: Tech Stack (Rust, Teloxide), Integrations, and Architecture</summary>

This project is a Telegram bot that integrates with various Large Language Model (LLM) APIs to provide users with a multifunctional AI assistant. The bot can process text, voice, video messages, and images, work with documents, manage dialogue history, and perform complex tasks in an isolated sandbox.

The bot is developed using **Rust 1.92**, the `teloxide` library, AWS SDK for Cloudflare R2 interaction, and native integration with AI providers (Groq, Mistral AI, Google Gemini, OpenRouter, Zai).
</details>

## Features

*   **🤖 Agent Mode:**
    *   **Integrated Sandbox:** Safe execution of Python code and Bash commands in isolated Docker containers (`debian:trixie-slim`).
    *   **Tools:** Read/write files, execute commands, web search, work with video and file hosting.
    *   **📋 Task Management (Todos):** `write_todos` system for planning and tracking progress of complex requests.
    *   **🎯 Skills System:** RAG system with embeddings to automatically provide relevant context from markdown documents (9 skills: core, delegation_manager, ffmpeg-conversion, file-hosting, file-management, html-report, task-planning, video-processing, web-search).
    *   **📁 File Handling:** Accept files from user (up to 20MB), send to Telegram (up to 50MB), or upload to cloud (up to 4GB) with link generation.
    *   **🎬 Video Processing:** `yt-dlp` integration for downloading video and media files from the internet.
    *   **☁️ File Hosting:** Upload files from sandbox to public hosting with short retention time.
    *   **Web Search and Data Extraction:** Tavily API integration for retrieving up-to-date information from the web.
    *   **🔗 Hooks System:** Extensible architecture for intercepting and customizing agent behavior (Completion Hook, Registry).
    *   **🔄 Loop Detection:** Three levels of protection (Content Detector, Tool Detector, LLM Detector) to prevent infinite loops.
    *   **👥 Hierarchical Delegation:** The Main Agent acts as an orchestrator, delegating heavy retrieval and mechanical tasks (git clone, searching) to Sub-Agents to maximize efficiency and context preservation.
    *   **Autonomy:** Agent plans steps and selects tools itself.
    *   **Separate Authorization:** Access control to agent via `AGENT_ACCESS_IDS`.
    *   **Long-term Memory and Context:** Up to 200K tokens with automatic compression when limit is reached.
    *   **🗣️ Narrator:** Separate model for summarizing agent thoughts and actions in chat.
    *   **Execution Progress:** Interactive display of current working step in Telegram.
*   **Multi-LLM Support:** Groq, Mistral AI, Google Gemini, OpenRouter, and Zai.
*   **Native Tool Calling:** Efficient use of tools in modern models.
*   **Multimedia Processing:**
    *   Voice and video messages (speech recognition via Gemini).
    *   Images (analysis and description via multimodal models).
    *   Work with documents of various formats.
*   **Context Management:** Dialogue history saved in Cloudflare R2 (S3).
*   **🔒 Security and Quality:** `unsafe_code = "forbid"`, strict Clippy lints, no panics (`zero-panic profile`).

## System Requirements

<details>
<summary>🔑 API Keys and Infrastructure</summary>

### 🔑 API Keys (Mandatory)
| Provider | Variable | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **Telegram** | `TELEGRAM_TOKEN` | Bot token from [@BotFather](https://t.me/BotFather) |
| **Cloudflare R2** | `R2_*` | S3 storage (Access Key, Secret, Endpoint, Bucket) |
| **Mistral AI** | `MISTRAL_API_KEY` | **Critical for Agent** (`mistral-embed` model for skill selection) |

### 🤖 LLM Providers (Default)
*   **OpenRouter** (`OPENROUTER_API_KEY`) — used for chat (`gemini-3-flash`).
    > [!IMPORTANT]
    > **Gemini 3 Flash** model (via OpenRouter) is **required** for voice message recognition and image analysis. Without it, these functions will not work.
*   **ZAI** (`ZAI_API_KEY`) — used for agent (`glm-4.7`, **Default Agent Model**). **ZAI** is [Zhipu AI](https://z.ai/).

### 🛠 Infrastructure
*   **Docker** — run code sandbox (`agent-sandbox:latest`)
*   **Tavily API** — optional for web search (`TAVILY_API_KEY`)
</details>

## Installation and Launch

<details>
<summary>🚀 Installation Instructions (Docker & Source)</summary>

1.  **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/0FL01/oxide-agent.git
    cd oxide-agent
    ```

2.  **Configure environment variables:**
    Create `.env` based on `.env.example`.

3.  **Build sandbox image:**
    ```bash
    docker build -t agent-sandbox:latest -f sandbox/Dockerfile.sandbox ..
    ```

4.  **Build and run the bot:**
    ```bash
    docker-compose up --build -d
    ```
</details>

## Configuration (.env)

<details>
<summary>⚙️ Example Configuration File</summary>

```dotenv
# Telegram
TELEGRAM_TOKEN=YOUR_TOKEN
ALLOWED_USERS=ID1,ID2 # List of allowed Telegram IDs (basic access)
AGENT_ACCESS_IDS=ID1 # Access to Agent Mode (consumes many tokens)

# Cloudflare R2 (S3)
R2_ACCESS_KEY_ID=...
R2_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=...
R2_ENDPOINT_URL=...
R2_BUCKET_NAME=...

# API Keys
GROQ_API_KEY=...
MISTRAL_API_KEY=...
GEMINI_API_KEY=...
OPENROUTER_API_KEY=...
ZAI_API_KEY=... # ZAI Provider (Zhipu AI)
TAVILY_API_KEY=... # Tavily key for web search in Agent mode (optional)
```
</details>

## Agent Architecture

<details>
<summary>🏗 Internal Structure, Skills, Hooks</summary>

### 🎯 Skills System
The agent uses a RAG approach with embeddings to automatically provide relevant context:
- **9 skills** as markdown documents (`skills/`)
- **Semantic matching** of user requests with skills via cosine similarity
- **Embeddings caching** for fast access (Moka cache)
- **Automatic injection** of relevant instructions into the system prompt

### 🔄 Loop Protection
Three-level loop detection system (`agent/loop_detection/`):
1. **Content Detector** — analyzes repeating agent messages
2. **Tool Detector** — tracks identical tool calls
3. **LLM Detector** — uses LLM to analyze loop patterns

### 🔗 Hooks System
Extensible architecture for personalizing agent behavior:
- **Completion Hook** — task completion handling
- **Workload Distributor** — enforces separation of duties by blocking heavy manual operations in the Main Agent and encouraging delegation
- **Delegation Guard** — prevents delegation of high-level analytical tasks ("think", "analyze"), restricting sub-agents to mechanical retrieval
- **Sub-Agent Safety** — ensures safe execution environments for delegated tasks
- **Registry** — centralized hook management

### 🛠️ Tool Providers
The agent uses a modular provider system, each offering a specialized set of tools:
- **Sandbox Provider** (`sandbox.rs`, ~20KB) — code execution, file read/write, shell commands
- **Tavily Provider** (`tavily.rs`) — web search and data extraction
- **Todos Provider** (`todos.rs`) — task list management for long-term planning
- **YT-DLP Provider** (`ytdlp.rs`, ~33KB) — video and audio download from various platforms
- **File Hoster Provider** (`filehoster.rs`) — public file upload to temporary hosting (up to 4GB)
- **Path Provider** (`path.rs`) — path and file structure operations
- **Delegation Provider** (`delegation.rs`) — sub-agent delegation for complex task decomposition
</details>

## Usage

1.  Send `/start` to the bot.
2.  **Regular Mode:** Just write messages or send files/voice notes.
3.  **🤖 Agent Mode:** Click the "🤖 Agent Mode" button. Now the bot can execute code and use advanced tools.

<details>
<summary>💡 Agent Command Examples and Control</summary>

**Agent Command Examples:**
- *"Write a python script that downloads the google homepage and finds the word 'Search' there"*
- *"Download video from YouTube via link [URL] and convert it to MP4 via FFmpeg"*
- *"Create a CSV file with weather data and upload it to file.io"*
- *"Find information about latest AI news via web search"*

**Control:** Use "Clear Context", "Change Model" or "Extra Functions" buttons.
</details>

## Project Structure

<details>
<summary>📂 File Tree (expand)</summary>

```text
src/
├── main.rs                    # entry point
├── lib.rs                     # library root
├── agent/                     # agent core and execution logic
│   ├── mod.rs
│   ├── executor.rs            # main agent executor
│   ├── context.rs             # agent execution context
│   ├── recovery.rs            # malformed response recovery
│   ├── structured_output.rs    # parsed and validated structured response
│   ├── tool_bridge.rs         # tool execution bridge
│   ├── session_registry.rs    # agent session registry
│   ├── runner/                # execution runner modules
│   ├── loop_detection/        # loop detection (content, tool, llm)
│   ├── skills/                # skills subsystem (RAG/embeddings)
│   ├── hooks/                 # execution hooks (Completion, Workload, Delegation, Safety)
│   ├── prompt/                # system prompt assembly (Composer)
│   ├── providers/             # tool providers (Sandbox, Tavily, Delegation, etc.)
│   ├── session.rs             # session state
│   ├── memory.rs              # memory and context handling
│   ├── preprocessor.rs        # input media preprocessing
│   ├── progress.rs            # progress display management
│   ├── thoughts.rs            # analytical thoughts generation
│   └── registry.rs            # global tool registry
├── bot/                       # Telegram bot logic
│   ├── handlers.rs            # main handlers
│   ├── agent_handlers.rs      # agent mode handlers
│   ├── views/                 # message templates and UI (agent.rs)
│   ├── agent/                 # bot-specific logic (media.rs)
│   └── mod.rs
├── llm/                       # LLM provider integrations (OpenAI, Zai, etc.)
├── sandbox/                   # Docker sandbox management
├── storage.rs                 # Cloudflare R2/S3 operations
├── config.rs                  # configuration and constants
└── utils.rs                   # helper utilities

skills/                        # skill definitions (markdown)
├── core.md                    # base concepts
├── delegation_manager.md      # delegation and sub-agents
├── ffmpeg-conversion.md       # FFmpeg conversion
├── file-hosting.md            # file hosting operations
├── file-management.md         # file management
├── html-report.md             # HTML report generation
├── task-planning.md           # task planning
├── video-processing.md        # video processing
└── web-search.md              # web search

backlog/                       # documentation, plans and blueprints
├── blueprints/                # implementation plans
├── docs/                      # detailed component specifications
├── bugs/                      # tracked issues
└── done/                      # completed architectural changes

tests/                         # integration and functional tests

sandbox/                       # Docker configuration for sandbox
└── Dockerfile.sandbox

Dockerfile                     # Main application Dockerfile
docker-compose.yml
```
</details>

## Available Models

| Name | Provider | Features |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **OR Gemini 3 Flash** | OpenRouter | Multimodal, default chat model |
| **ZAI GLM-4.7** | ZAI (Zhipu AI) | Default Agent Model, GLM Coding Plan |
| **Mistral Large** | Mistral | Free and generous |
| **Gemini 2.5 Flash Lite** | Google | Cheap and efficient |
| **Devstral 2512** | Mistral | Top free choice for coding and Agent work |

## Key Dependencies

<details>
<summary>📦 Main Rust Libraries</summary>

**Main libraries:**

- **teloxide** (0.17.0) — Telegram Bot API with macros and handlers
- **tokio** (1.48) — asynchronous runtime
- **async-openai** (0.32.2) — work with OpenAI-compatible APIs
- **aws-sdk-s3** (1.119.0) — Cloudflare R2 integration
- **bollard** (0.19.4) — Docker API for sandbox management
- **reqwest** (0.12) — HTTP client with multipart and streaming support
- **serde_json** (1.0) — JSON serialization/deserialization
- **tiktoken-rs** (0.9.1) — token counting for various models
- **lazy-regex** (3.5.1) — optimized regular expressions
- **moka** (0.12) — high-performance cache with TTL
- **tavily** (2.0) — optional feature for web search
- **chrono** (0.4.42) — date and time handling
- **thiserror** (2.0.17) — custom error creation
- **anyhow** (1.0.100) — simplified error handling in application
</details>

## Development

<details>
<summary>💻 Developer Commands and CI/CD</summary>

For local development (requires Rust installed):
```bash
# Check
cargo check

# Testing (132 tests)
cargo test --release

# Linting (Clippy with warn/deny)
cargo clippy --tests -- -D warnings

# Formatting
cargo fmt

# Build with feature flags
cargo build --release --features tavily
```

### CI/CD

The project uses GitHub Actions for automatic testing and deployment:
- **Testing:** Runs `cargo check`, `cargo clippy`, `cargo test`, `cargo fmt`
- **Deployment:** Automatic deploy to server via SSH on push to `main`

### Security and Lints

- **`unsafe_code = "forbid"`** in workspace lints — unsafe code is forbidden
- **Clippy lints (forbid level):**
  - `unwrap_used = "forbid"` — all Result/Option must be handled via `?` or `match`
  - `too_many_lines = "forbid"` — files >300 lines must be split
  - `too_many_arguments = "forbid"` — functions >3 arguments require Context/Config struct
- **Feature flags:** Tavily available via `--features tavily`
- **Error Handling:** Using `thiserror` for library errors, `anyhow` for application
</details>

## License

The project is distributed under the **GNU Affero General Public License v3 (AGPL-3.0)**. Details in the [LICENSE](https://github.com/0FL01/oxide-agent/blob/main/LICENSE) file.

Copyright (C) 2026 @0FL01
